Create ui-c8y-1023-75-0-migrate-the-event-list-to-angular-graft-release-cd-11755.md (#4596)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-75-0-migrate-the-event-list-to-angular-graft-release-cd-11755.md

---
date: ""

> title: Events list and widget migrated to Angular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Event list and Event list widget migrated to Angular
```

Reviewer: Below in the text, it only says Event list widget? We should unify this in the one or the other direction.

Reviewer 2: Done

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64563
version: 1023.75.0
---

> The "Events list" widget has been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent foundation with the current UI framework. Updates include:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Event list" widget has been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent foundation with the current UI framework. Updates include:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
```

>   - **Events view in Cockpit**: The events view node is now available in Cockpit, not just Device management.                                                          

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Events page in Cockpit**: An **Events** page is now available in the Cockpit application, not only in the Device Management application.                                                          
```

>   - **Events tab in Cockpit groups**: The events tab with the events list is now available on Cockpit groups, where previously wasn't.                              

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Events tab in Cockpit groups**: The **Events** tab with the events list is now available for Cockpit groups.                              
```

  - **Auto-refresh**: Integrated with the global time context to enable real-time updates that reflect the dashboard's selected time range.                            

>   - **Child device events**: Optionally display events from child devices, mirroring functionality from the Alarms widget — enabled by default in groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Child device events**: Optionally display events from child devices, mirroring functionality from the "Alarms" widget — enabled by default in groups.
```

  - **Image preview**: Binary image attachments can be previewed inline with consistent dimensions, without opening the full event view.                               

>   - **Custom metadata preview**: Custom event properties are displayed consistently with the Alarm view.                                                               

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Custom metadata preview**: Custom event properties are displayed consistently with the **Alarms** page.                                                               
```

>   - **Shareable events**: Each event has a direct URL that can be copied from the browser address bar and shared - opening the link takes the recipient straight to that event's details, the same pattern used for alarms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Shareable events**: Each event has a direct URL that can be copied from the browser address bar and shared. Opening the link takes the recipient straight to that event's details; the same pattern as used for alarms. 
```

>   - **Shareable events**: Each event has a direct URL that can be copied from the browser address bar and shared. Opening the link takes the recipient straight to that event's details; the same pattern as used for alarms. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Event list" widget and the events page have been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent
  foundation with the current UI framework. Updates include:
 **Events page in Cockpit**: An **Events** page is now available in the Cockpit application, not only in the Device Management application.                         
  - **Events tab in Cockpit groups**: The **Events** tab with the events list is now available for Cockpit groups.                                                     
  - **Auto-refresh**: Integrated with the global time context to enable real-time updates that reflect the dashboard's selected time range.                            
  - **Child device events**: Optionally display events from child devices, mirroring functionality from the "Alarms" widget — enabled by default in groups.
  - **Image preview**: Binary image attachments can be previewed inline with consistent dimensions, without opening the full event view.                               
  - **Custom metadata preview**: Custom event properties are displayed consistently with the **Alarms** page.                                                          
  - **Shareable events**: Each event has a direct URL that can be copied from the browser address bar and shared. Opening the link takes the recipient straight to that event's details; the same pattern as used for alarms. 
```

---
date: ""

> title: Event list and Event list widget migrated to Angular

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Enhanced Event list view and widget
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64563
version: 1023.75.0
---

> The event list and the "Event list" widget have been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The event list view and the "Event list" widget have been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent
```

> The "Event list" widget and the events page have been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event list and the "Event list" widget have been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent
```

---
date: ""

> title: Migrate the event list to Angular [GRAFT][release/cd] (#11755)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Events list and widget migrated to Angular
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64563
version: 1023.75.0
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
 - https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/11266

<!--- Backport version: 9.5.1 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

---------

Co-authored-by: Lukasz Janusz <lukasz.janusz@cumuloicty.com>
Co-authored-by: Jakub Drewniak <103751383+jdre-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Dawid Janusz <96060763+DawidSAG@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Carlos Ceia <carlos.ceia@cumulocity.com>
Co-authored-by: amio <amio@softwareag.com>

> Co-authored-by: Paweł Rynarzewski <92171763+pawel-rynarzewski-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Events list" widget has been migrated to Angular and enhanced to improve usability and performance, providing a modern, consistent foundation with the current UI framework. Updates include:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  - **Events view in Cockpit**: The events view node is now available in Cockpit, not just Device management.                                                          
  - **Events tab in Cockpit groups**: The events tab with the events list is now available on Cockpit groups, where previously wasn't.                              
  - **Auto-refresh**: Integrated with the global time context to enable real-time updates that reflect the dashboard's selected time range.                            
  - **Child device events**: Optionally display events from child devices, mirroring functionality from the Alarms widget — enabled by default in groups.
  - **Image preview**: Binary image attachments can be previewed inline with consistent dimensions, without opening the full event view.                               
  - **Custom metadata preview**: Custom event properties are displayed consistently with the Alarm view.                                                               
  - **Shareable events**: Each event has a direct URL that can be copied from the browser address bar and shared - opening the link takes the recipient straight to that event's details, the same pattern used for alarms. 
```
